1.In the below elements which of them are values or an expression? eg:- values can be 

integer or string and expressions will be mathematical operators. 

Ans.    *   -expression 

'hello'  --value 

-87.8    -value 

-    ---expression 

/       --expression  

+  ---expression 

6  ----value 

 

2. What is the difference between string and variable? 

A variable can be of several types like integer, string, float, etc. based on the value you assign to it.  anything you assign to a variable using quotes (single or double) will be considered as a string.  

Eg, numA = 23(variable) 

    A = (“dhoni”) (string) 

 

3. Describe three different data types. 

Ans. int - A positive or negative whole number without a decimal point( a = 50) 
 floating point- A number with  a decimal point.(b=22.5) 
string - any text with in two single or double quotes.(c=“dhoni”) 
 

4. What is an expression made up of? What do all expressions do? 

Expression is made up of values, containers, and mathematical operators. 

 Eg, a = 3+4 and expressions are used to evaluate the value. 

5. This assignment statements, like spam = 10. What is the difference between an 

expression and a statement? 

Ans. The assignemnt statemets assign a value to the variable. 
 in spam = 10 , value 10 in assigned to spam, and now spam will have value 10. 
 But in expression a = C+B, the value of a depends on the value of C and B. 

 
6. After running the following code, what does the variable bacon contain? 

bacon = 22 

bacon + 1 

Sol: it gives 23 as execution code 

7. What should the values of the following two terms be? 

spam' + 'spamspam'('spamspamspam') 

'spam' * 3('spamspamspam') 

sol: it will be the same 

8. Why is eggs a valid variable name while 100 is invalid? 

Ans.  Variable name can not starts with numbers. 

Eg.a100 is valid 

 

9. What three functions can be used to get the integer, floating-point number, or string version of a value? 

ans: str(), int(), float() 

10. Why does this expression cause an error? How can you fix it? 

'I have eaten' + 99 + 'burritos'  

Ans. 99 is an integer it cannot be concatenated with strings, if we have to concatenate This can be fixed by converting 99 into string by str(99) 